doc(release): Prepare release notes for oss 22.10.7 (#2155)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-22.10/releases/centreon-os.md

## Centreon Web

### 22.10.7

> Release date: `March AA, 2023`

Author: ```suggestion
Release date: `March 2, 2023`
```

#### Bug fixes

> - [CLAPI] Improved authentication by not checking password expiration policy for excluded users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [CLAPI] Fixed an issue to do not consider password expiration policy for excluded users.
```

- [Configuration] Fixed an issue in the recurrent downtimes form that caused service relations to be lost.
- [Configuration] Fixed global configuration export button in banner with OIDC authentication.

> - [Configuration] Fixed escalation update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Configuration] Fixed an issue preventing an escalation from being updated.
```

> - [Configuration] Fixed service group update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Configuration] Fixed an issue preventing service group from being updated.
```

> - [Core] Fixed blank page after login.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Core] Fixed a blank page issue after login.
```

> - [UI] Fixed an issue where a popup does not appear in legacy page graphs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [UI] Fixed an issue where a popup was not displayed in the graphs legacy page.
```

> - [UI] Fixed the issue where 99+ was displayed instead of the exact value on the top counter for values under 1000

Author: ```suggestion
- [UI] Fixed the issue where 99+ was displayed instead of the exact value on the top counter for values under 1000.
```

#### Vulnerabilities

- [Security] Fixed SQLi in Monitoring Servicegroups widget.

> - [Security] Fixed SQLi legacy monitoring pages.

Author: ```suggestion
- [Security] Fixed SQLi in legacy monitoring pages.
```
